agm-2948 Update advanced-settings.md (#881)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-mac/solving-problems/advanced-settings.md

By setting `true`, you enable HTTPS certificate revocation checking.

#### `network.http.compress.body`

> Enables HTTP body compression after processing. CoreLibs will compress HTTP response body before sending it with original response algorithm (if supported) or with default fallback algorithm (GZip). Currently only GZip compression algorithm is implemented. Responses from BrowserApi will also be encoded if this option is enabled.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention CoreLibs - can just say `AdGuard` in general

Author: _AdGuard's CoreLibs filtering engine_, maybe?

> Enables HTTP body compression after processing. AdGuard's Core Libs engine will compress HTTP response body before sending it with original response algorithm (if supported) or with default fallback algorithm (GZip). Currently only GZip compression algorithm is implemented. Responses from BrowserApi will also be encoded if this option is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables HTTP body compression after processing. CoreLibs, AdGuard’s filtering engine, will compress the HTTP response body before sending it with the original response algorithm, if supported, or with the default fallback algorithm, GZip. Currently, only the GZip compression algorithm is implemented. Responses from BrowserApi will also be encoded if this option is enabled.
```
